Update 06-manipulating-MARC-data-basics.md (#147)
LibraryCarpentry/lc-marcedit: episodes/06-manipulating-MARC-data-basics.md

## Manipulating MARC data

We've seen how we can manually and individually edit records in the MarcEditor, however, MarcEdit provides a number of more powerful ways to manipulate our MARC data. Fields, subfields, and indicators can be added, removed, or changed. Fixed fields can be corrected. Fields and subfields specific to RDA can be added while AACR2 conventions are removed. It is possible to work with a subset of MARC data and then incorporate those changes into the original whole MARC data set. The variations sometimes seem endless and give more weight to the nickname of MarcEdit, the Swiss army knife of MARC data.

### Find, Find All, and Replace

Like many other applications, the MarcEditor offers the ability to Find, Find All, and Replace. 

> **Find**: Find will search as a keyword that you enter into the Find window search box. This option will only search the current page in the MarcEdit. Remember that the default settings split the MARC records into 100 for each page. Find will only search those records on the page you are currently on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Find**: Find will perform a keyword search for your search terms entered in the Find window search box. Each time you click "Find", you will be brought to the next instance of your search terms on the current page of the MarcEditor. Remember that the default settings split the MARC records into 100 for each page. Find will only search those records on the page you are currently on. 
```

> **Find All**: Find all will search for your search terms entered in the Find window search box over all the pages, or all your MARC records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Find All**: Find all will search for your search terms entered in the Find window search box over all the pages, or all your MARC records. When you click "Find All" a new window will open listing each instance of your search terms. Double clicking a result will take you to the result in the MarcEditor.
```

**Replace**: Replace works alongside Find or Find all. You have the option to Replace just those on the page or Replace all where the replace occurs on all pages in all records.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  callout

> ## Find or Find All Search Results Popup Window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Find Text/Replace Text and Find All Results Popup Windows
```

> The popup window that has the results or your Find or Find All search will not close automatically. You will need to close this window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The popup window for the Find Text/Replace Text function and the secondary popup window for your Find All search results  will not close automatically. You will need to close these windows when you are done performing your find/replace actions.
```

## Find and Replace

> Remember to always verify the search results of the Find or Find All and profile your data before making changes. Find or Find all will search that exact phrase or string that you put into the search box either on that page (Find) or in every record (Find all). In the example above, if you have other MARC fields 856 that have a different syntax that =856  40\$3Full text:\$u and those urls also need a proxy, the replace above will not take that into account. You will need to do another replace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to always verify the search results of the Find or Find All and profile your data before making changes. Find or Find all will search for the exact phrase or string that you put into the search box either on that page (Find) or in every record (Find all). In the example above, if your records contain MARC fields 856 with different \$3 data (for example: =856 40\$3Online Access:\$u) the replace above will not add the proxy to those 856 fields. You will need to do another replace.
```
